Noting xlink:href fallback option to support older browsers (#16242)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/svg/attribute/xlink_colon_href/index.md

The **`xlink:href`** attribute defines a reference to a resource as a reference [IRI](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Content_type#iri). The exact meaning of that link depends on the context of each element using it.

> > **Note:** SVG 2 removed the need for the `xlink` namespace, so instead of `xlink:href` you should use {{SVGAttr("href")}}. If you need to support older browsers, you may include an `xlink:href` fallback in addition to `href`, e.g. `<use href="some-id" xlink:href="some-id x="5" y="5" />`.

Reviewer: It would be good if we mention that the attribute is deprecated. So people will know the pitfall.
```suggestion
> **Note:** SVG 2 removed the need for the `xlink` namespace, so instead of `xlink:href` you should use {{SVGAttr("href")}}. If you need to support earlier browser versions, the deprecated `xlink:href` attribute can be used as a fallback in addition to the `href` attribute, e.g. `<use href="some-id" xlink:href="some-id x="5" y="5" />`.
```
